---
title: End Again
layout: post
---

**The End is Nigh**

It's that time of year when the awesome "Dicit Dominus" propers come around and there's a little buzz of anticipation of Advent and Christmas.

Firstly, a big **THANK YOU** to all who helped with the Sung Masses for All Saints and All Souls Days - it was great to be able to pull them together so quickly.  Hopefully more Sung Masses at Mulgoa on the horizon - there's the feast of the Immaculate Conception coming up on the 8th of December...

But back to the regular preparations:

Next Sung Mass is Sunday **13th November**

It's still a regular Sunday, so we'll have the regular Sunday ordinary Mass 11 (Missa Orbis Factor) and Credo 1.

Now for the propers
(cutting and pasting from 2013)

The end of the Liturgical Year brings a few sundays sharing the same propers.

Here is the first hash of the propers - Introit and Communion the same, Gradual, Alleluia and Offertory psalm toned. [gregorio527484be312866.63954514]({{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/gregorio527484be312866.63954514.pdf)

Here are the recordings:

Introit: Dicit Dominus [Download]({{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/introit.mp3)
[audio mp3="{{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/introit.mp3"][/audio]

Gradual [Download]({{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/psalmtonedgradual.mp3)
[audio mp3="{{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/psalmtonedgradual.mp3"][/audio]

Alleluia [Download]({{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/psalmtonedalleluia.mp3)
[audio mp3="{{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/psalmtonedalleluia.mp3"][/audio]

Offertory: [Download]({{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/psalmtonedoffertory.mp3)
[audio mp3="{{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/psalmtonedoffertory.mp3"][/audio]

Communion: Amen dico vobis [Download]({{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/communion.mp3)

[audio mp3="{{ site.url }}/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/communion.mp3"][/audio]

If you'd like to join us you can rsvp: [veronica@brandt.id.au](mailto:veronica@brandt.id.au) or 0407 887 637 or turn up for practice 3.20pm on Sunday 11th December - they have Benediction before Mass which I like to catch, so that's why the practice time seems a bit early.

Next on the horizon is **Gaudete Sunday** on 11th December 5pm Lawson and then **Christmas** - going from previous years there's a good chance of a midnight Mass at Mulgoa and then a day Mass at Lawson.  The day Mass is a particularly quiet one - if you would like to avoid the crowds and enjoy a reverent, peaceful time, this is the one to get to!  It will be in the morning too - much more family friendly than the usual 5pm slot.

God bless you,

Veronica
